Clarify order of precedence for global configs (#4363)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/global-configs/about-global-configs.md

Global configs control things like the visual output of logs, the manner in which dbt parses your project, and what to do when dbt finds a version mismatch or a failing model. These configs are "global" because they are available for all dbt commands, and because they can be set for all projects running on the same machine or in the same environment.

### Global config precedence

> Starting in v1.0, you can set global configs in three places. dbt will pick the config in the following order (lower takes priority):

Reviewer: A couple of questions about the wording here:
"dbt will pick the config in the following order:" indicates that these are listed in order of priority, but the next note and the one below indicate that the lower option (meaning further down the list?) takes precedence. 

When we say "pick the config" does that mean that the configs are located in this order (meaning dbt evaluates user config first and CLI flag last, but if all three are set, then it will apply the CLI Flag?

If that's the case, then we might want to change "pick" to something like "evaluate"
```suggestion
Starting in v1.0, you can set global configs in three places. dbt will evaluate the configs in the following order:
```

Author: Yeah, it would be good to choose an ordering that makes sense! My brain works from top-to-bottom, so I think I'd actually prefer flipping the order. But I chose this order because it best aligned with other examples I'd seen within our documentation.

Applied code suggestions and opened this to review this more comprehensively:
- https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/issues/4371

1. [user config](https://docs.getdbt.com/reference/global-configs/yaml-configurations)
1. [environment variable](https://docs.getdbt.com/reference/global-configs/environment-variable-configs)
1. [CLI flag](https://docs.getdbt.com/reference/global-configs/command-line-flags)

> i.e., if all three are provided, then the CLI flag takes precedence.

Reviewer: See note above: (maybe we can consider listing in order of priority rather than evaluation? 
```suggestion
Each config is prioritized over the previous one. For example, if all three are provided, then the CLI flag takes precedence.
```

Author: Yeah!

See more detail here: https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/pull/4363#discussion_r1376674885
